Menu item as a clickable link (#3249)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/big-mayflies-bake.md

---
'@commercetools-frontend/application-shell': patch
---

> Navigation menu item is again clickable even if it has submenu.

Reviewer: **nit**:
```suggestion
First level navigation menu items are clickable again even it they have submenu items.
```
